Anthropic just released manage agents,
which is their take on automating the
process of automating processes. In this
video, I'm going to show you guys how
manage agents works. I'm going to build
you guys a quick little demo flow so you
can see how it actually works in
production. And then going to connect
that to a front end so you guys could
see how to build these sorts of flows
both on the back end and the front end.
And then I'm also going to run through
literally every button in this new
little dashboard interface so you guys
know everything that you need in order
to build these sorts of agents
yourselves. So, what I'm going to do
next is I'm going to build a very simple
system, one that I've built for many of
my clients many, many times. It's a
system where you can basically just
paste in a transcript after a sales
call, and then it'll go into your
project management tool, whatever it is.
In my case, uh it'll be ClickUp or maybe
Notion, and then it'll populate it with
a bunch of tasks that you or your team
members have to do. So, I could just
write all that stuff out, or I could
literally just hold down like a voice
transcript tool and say, "Hi, my goal is
to build a simple system where I provide
a transcript. You take that transcript
and use it to create a bunch of tasks in
my project management system of choice.
The project management system I'm going
to use for this example is ClickUp. I'm
going to press enter. And now it's going
to walk me through the process of
building an agent. The first thing it's
going to do is define what this agent is
going to look like. So it's going to
call it the transcript to ClickUp tasks.
So I'm going to parse the meeting
transcripts and create structured tasks
in ClickUp based on action items and so
on and so on and so forth. So I'm going
to click create this agent. What it'll
do is it'll take this schema, the spec,
and it'll turn it into my agent. But my
agent isn't enough. If you think about
the way that most automations work, uh,
you know, we have the the actual
implementation details, but then you
also have to host that implementation
somewhere. And so what this does is this
is hosting implementation details
directly on Anthropic's back end, as in
Anthropic is going to spin up a server
and then give me a uh reusable little
box that always has the exact same
parameters and everything like that for
me with limited networking for safety
reasons. that will allow me to then test
and then roll this thing out to, you
know, within my own business or or for
companies or for clients or whatever.
And because I said I wanted ClickUp
here, what it's doing is it's saying,
"Hey, Nick, you're going to have to add
some form of, you know, credential or
information in order to do this." And so
what I'm going to do is I'm going to
create a new vault to store all this.
You can see it's now going to pull up
pull in the ClickUp credential over
here, which is pretty wild. And then I'm
going to go over here and say I
acknowledge this credential is shared
and that I'm responsible for its storage
and use. that has OOTH built in. Then
I'm just going to click connect. What
it'll do next is actually open up some
information. So I'm going to connect to
my little leftclick workspace. And then
I can actually just do the the whole
connection and integration without me
having to touch API keys at all. And
this is fantastic for people that do
automation and whatnot because a big
barrier to entry is just dealing with
API keys and stuff like that. I'm then
going to click test run. Now we're going
to have uh the ability to paste in a
brief transcript. And as you can see
there's a test sort of filled out here
that says use a transcript from our team
standup. Alice will set up the staging
environment by Friday. Bob needs to
review the API design doc and send
feedback and so on and so forth. What
I'm going to do is I'm going to click
send and I'm just going to show you guys
what happens, how easy it is to test end
to end. Obviously, this sort of
transcript is not about as long as an
actual kickoff call transcript or a
project management meeting might
realistically be. Um, but hopefully it
shows you guys just how the interface
works. You have two panels here. One
called transcript, which is basically
just a view of your entire conversation
with the agent. Then you have debug,
which shows it in sort of like code
form. So you can go click in a little
bit more and see the type and the
process stat and stuff like that. What
we're doing now is equivalent to just
having a conversation with like Claude
normally. It's just we're doing this
within this sort of like this uh very
standardized container for testing
purposes. Now if I click out of that you
can see that we have a much larger log
here where here's the transcript. The
model then starts it's thinking. I've
identified five action items from the
transcript. Three input 409 output
27,044
cache rights probably a big chunk of its
system prompt. And now it's giving it to
us. So, I've identified these items.
Could you tell me which list or space I
should create these in? Are they all
their names in ClickUp and stuff like
that for the purposes of this demo um
because I want to move quickly here and
show you guys the rest of how this whole
thing works. I'm just going to say put
this in example builds/crm.
Uh don't do any assignees or anything
like that. This is just a demo.
And from here on out, um it can now
basically do the the API call to ClickUp
in order to get that sorted. If there
are any issues or it can't complete it
for whatever reason, I can now do uh you
know my my debugging. I have every raw
API event over here. So I can literally
see when the model starts, when it ends.
There's full interpretability and
accountability here, which is obviously
great for us automators. And you can see
that it's now created all five of these
tasks in parallel. So Bob to review the
API design doc, Carol to update, and and
so on and so on and so forth. We've even
received true. And if I go back to my
ClickUp here, you can actually see all
the tasks that were just generated. set
up the staging environment, review the
API design doc, send feedback to the
team, and so on and so on and so forth.
And because I gave it that constraint,
obviously it didn't do this um using
assignees. It just did it using a bunch
of um um text. After you're done
testing, it says the run went smoothly.
What do you want to do? So, I'm going to
uh based off of your conversation with
the agent in sort of the transcript and
testing, it'll actually say, hey, what
do you want to do? Um do you want to
modify it a little bit by adding a
default ClickUp list or space to the
system? So, that's what I'm going to do.
I'm also going to add some assigne
mapping guidance. And then I'm going to
enter. That's now going to actually go
back and change the configuration
itself. So it's going to ask me some
questions. I'll just say example build
and then I'll say CRM. As you can see
here, we just changed the actual system
prompt itself. And now that it's done,
all I need to do is say create this
agent. And then it'll ask you to test it
and so on and so forth, which you can do
all the way until you're done. After
that, you'll click on the integrate
button or you could just tell it
literally, hey, I want to integrate. And
now it'll basically run you through a
step-by-step guide on how to connect
this to whatever other platform you
want. Now, in my case, I mean, I'm not
going to connect this to another
platform because I just want this to be
a quick little app that I could copy and
paste something into or it'll sort of
know or understand. But hopefully you
guys see how simple it would be to maybe
like spin up a quick little front-end
app where it's like, hey, you know, an
action item generator. You could also
connect this directly over to, I don't
know, maybe some sort of like proposal
or transcript platform. is you click in
on specific sessions. That's what I'm
doing over here. In the top right hand
corner, you can see there's now an ask
claude button. And so what I'm going to
do just as a demo is I'll say, hey, this
uh agent works perfectly. What I want to
do next is I want to spin up a front end
and then I want to connect that front
end little chat window directly to this
agent. So when I chat with the window,
I'm basically chatting a pass through to
this specific transcript agent. That way
I can share it amongst my team and
anybody can quickly paste in a
transcript to very quickly set up um you
know ClickUp tasks and stuff. How do I
do this? Uh can you do this for me? So
on and so forth. The value here is you
know you basically have a non- sandbox
version of cloud which is just your own.
This is a lot more limited than you know
running cla code um on your end because
you're both limited in terms of your
ability to use like fast mode and stuff
like that and then obviously I'm pretty
sure this is locked into sonnet 4.6 six
at least as the time of this recording,
but something that can be pretty
valuable. And yeah, just to make a long
story short, if you can't see cuz of my
big fat head, this is just like spitting
out a bunch of the uh bunch of the code
and whatnot. So, what I'll say, which
you can't see, is just give me a prompt
I can feed into Claude code to set this
up in 30 seconds. Assume I have Netlfi
and everything else ready. And now it's
going to generate me that prompt ahead.
While I'm waiting, I'm just going to
move over to anti-gravity and then
basically get all the stuff ready. And
I'm just going to paste it in over here.
And I'll actually have it build a front
end for me just for the uh purposes of a
fun little demo. And now I have this uh
this whole prompt, right? Which is
pretty cool. So I can just copy this.
There's a little copy modal. Paste this
in. And then I'm just going to open this
up and show you guys what that looks
like. Oh, and then also for speed
purposes, I'm just going to go fast
mode, which here I can do just by going
to one of my many instances, clicking
fast, then pressing enter. It'll go back
here, stop this, and say fast. And now
what it'll do is just generate a very
quick website for me. Okay. And after
about 30 seconds, we've now uh done a
bunch of coding and basically spun up a
front end. It's going to check the
entropic API key and everything like
that. And I just said, I want to run
this so I can test this. So now it's
going to spin me up a server. Cool.
Here's my little chat. And what I'm
going to do is I'm going to ask it to
quickly whip me up a test that I could
use to verify that this works. So I'll
say, give me a brief test transcript to
verify this works. Now, it's actually
testing this alongside me, which is
quite nice. And as you can see, it's now
generating me a test transcript. Okay,
team. three things from yesterday's
client review. What I'm going to do is
I'm just going to move over here, copy
this, and then I'll paste this send.
Press send. As you can see, this is now
extracting the action items. And you
know, obviously I could improve this UX
however much I want if we wanted them to
chat with this as opposed to maybe
Claude. But what it's doing is it's now
actually going through and creating
those action items. So if I go back to
ClickUp, which is right over here, and
then I add a date column. So you could
see when we created the task, then we
sort you can see that we've now write a
one pager on new pricing tiers for the
sales call. That's what we just did a
moment ago. And now all I have to do is
literally just push it to production.
Voila. We we just created an app. And we
didn't just create the app like hardcore
mode. Actually going out grabbing the
ENV uh the API keys, the credentials,
setting up our own environment, all that
stuff. We're doing it all entirely on
Anthropics infrastructure. I guess aside
from our front end, but um this is an
unprecedented level of ease with which
we just went through that whole process.
This is something that if you showed to,
you know, somebody that was designing
drag and drop interfaces just a couple
years ago, they'd probably raise an
eyebrow and think that you'd smoked a
little bit too much of Brian Johnson's
DMT. So, with that out of the way, let's
talk a little bit more about this
dashboard. The managed agent section,
okay, appears over here on
platform.claw.com/workspaces/default.
And then right now, we're in the agent
quickart route, but uh we can just click
on any one of these and you can see that
route change. And this is basically
offered as part of their claude or
anthropic API service. And so this is
the same like playground that you would
jump in if you were doing some sort of
API integration or whatnot. Anybody
that's done that is probably a little
bit more familiar. There's also a build
section up here. And then down over here
there's some other sections like
analytics, there's cloud code, there's
manage and stuff, but for now I'll just
run you through everything here.
Obviously we've already seen the quick
start section. Let's move over to the
agents where you could see a list of all
of the different agents that you have
running. Um, you can also archive these
at any point in time by clicking these
three dots and pressing that archive
agent feature. And then you can go
directly into, you know, the proposal
generator flow in this case or
transcript to clickup tasks agent. Uh,
and then poke around both the agent view
and then the sessions view. Now the
agent view is the highle configuration
including the MCPs, tools, platforms,
and then any additional skills that
you've added. Whereas the session view
shows you the independent conversations,
basically runs that you've had with that
agent. And if you click in on that
session, you can see that we actually
have that that conversation on that test
run that I showed you guys earlier where
we've created those five tasks. You're
kind of talking back and forth with the
agent and so on and so forth. You can
click on debug in order to get much more
information about what the actual API
calls and stuff look like. Then you can
even filter based off of specific uh
requests. So maybe I only want to filter
the actual agent messages that have been
sent to me. Maybe I only want to look
at, I don't know, the thinking sections
so I can like look over and see how long
the thinking sessions actually took or
something. they provide this really cool
visual view of what parts of the
conversation uh are dedicated to which
type of task. And so in this case, the
agentthinking only occurred in two small
little segments. But if I close this
out, you can see there are a bunch of
other um sort of checkpoints. This one
was running, then I sent a message, then
the model started, then it did some
thinking, then it stopped, then it was
idle, you know, sessions began running,
message, and so on and so forth. They
typically appear in clusters like this.
I want to zoom in a little bit over here
because there's a lot more sort of
hidden underneath the view. They they
put a tremendous amount of work in to
make sure that this interface is
something you could actually use for
work. Notice how here we have the agent
view again, which is what that little
sort of route looks like. But if you
click here now, you actually have your
cloud environment. So this is the
environment that we just span up. The
scope of my environment is the
organization. The created time was 10
minutes ago. And here you can actually
see the permissions that you've given
that environment. This environment,
okay, can connect to mcp.clickup.com.
It has no packages. It has MCP access
enabled and its type is highly limited
because obviously this can only really
chat internally between it uh and then
mcp.clickup.com. This is the sort of
security stuff that allows you to work
mid-market and then enterprise and build
systems like this for real people or use
internally in your own business. They've
done a really good job of disambiguating
between like serious business use cases
and then kind of that old school like
open claw just give it all your API keys
and and have fun. Over here you actually
have the uh vault and the vault is their
uh way to basically share credentials
across organizations and stuff like
that. So you can see that it's stored it
and given us this nice little modal. We
can go to vault which I will do in a
moment. And then you also have some
additional information like wall clock
time since created the total number of
tokens in and out which is obviously
good for cost and tracking transparency.
Then the amount of time it's been since
this thing has essentially been set up.
Okay. So realistically, as you build
more and more agents and then use them
across all of your apps, whether they're
little chat apps or direct integration,
um your sessions will accumulate. But
what's cool is you have total overview
and oversight capability just by heading
over here to this tab. On that
environments front, as we saw earlier, I
set up a bunch of other proposal
generators here as demos as demos. Um I
should note that when you archive an
agent, okay, you're not actually
archiving the environment. So you kind
of have to do both. So I'm going to head
over here, archive this proposal
generator agent just as a demo. go back
here to this environment and then I can
either archive or delete. Okay, in my
case I'm going to delete a bunch of
these because I don't want these
consuming any resources. So I'll do that
here. The simplest and easiest way to
set all of this stuff up so far I found
is not to use this environment tab to
create dedicated environments. But
basically use either the quick start or
the agents tab to create an agent and
then alongside the creation of the agent
you will create the environment and the
credential vault if necessary. Otherwise
it'll just have a bunch of additional
environments per one agent. Uh and you
know eventually this sort of thing is
going to be priced in pretty hard. So
make sure to get good use price
reduction strategies uh earlier. And
then obviously you have those vaults. So
I'm just going to archive those so that
we don't have to look at them anymore.
Okay. Next up, you can check your
analytics. And I mean this is build just
like API access is. So I mean in my case
it looks like I've sent two two uh 2.3
million tokens in and 20,412 tokens out.
I did all of that today because I was
just testing this feature. You can see
the rate limited requests here. Opus 4.6
six caching and input tokens and so on
and so forth. This combines um usage
across all of your workspaces and your
managed agents. So, as you begin
populating more usage and you know
running this in both your own company
and then potentially other people's,
you'll see all of that stuff calculated
over here. Obviously, that ties into
cost of which I've spent $2.40 today to
do some testing. You can see most of
that was Sonnet 4.6, but there was a
little bit of Opus 4.6 as well. And this
is sorted month-toate wise. In my case,
I spent a fair amount on tokens last
month, about $24 in total. Uh, most of
that was situated kind of in the middle
of the month when I was doing much of
Opus stuff for a client of mine. You
also have access logs. You can go really
deep into every single request you've
made. And so, this includes, as
mentioned, those managed agents. So, I
think the logical thing to ask is where
the heck is this going? And where this
is going is very quickly, my prediction
is that Anthropic is going to build in a
visual sort of accompaniment to this
sort of communication tool that we have
here. Because the big issue right now is
we're sort of limited by our own ability
to understand systems that are laid out
as text bullet points and stuff like
that. Uh the main advantage that no code
drag and drop platforms like naden,
make.com and zap year have over
something like cloud manage agents right
now is you can literally just like open
it up and then you could see the way the
system works visually. You could see
like this node connects to that node
connects to that node. And human brains
just work really good like that. you
know, we can uh uh see in one picture
what would have taken us a thousand
words worth of reading in order to
really like understand. That's where
that idea of like a picture is worth a
thousand words comes from. And you know,
I I think that the second that Anthropic
cracks that, and they're probably
already working on this, um we will
essentially have like a full replacement
for that sort of automation infra. And
then either service providers like
ourselves or companies that have the
knowhow and the technical ability to
build stuff like that will basically be
able to use this managed infrastructure
to do all of their knowledge process
automation because like cloud is great
and cloud code is like a coding harness
is also awesome but you need to go one
step further to like the infrastructure
layer if you really want to start
automating things at scale standardizing
inputs and standardizing outputs. Hope
you guys appreciated this video. Had a
lot of fun putting it together. If you
guys have any questions about this just
drop it down below. If you guys have
ideas for future videos, then please let
me know in the comments. I actually get
most of my ideas from you guys at this
point. So, anything you guys want to
see, let me know of. Last big ask is
please subscribe to the channel.
Something like 70% of people that watch
my content regularly aren't for whatever
reason. And my goal is to hit a million
subscribers before the end of the year.
You'd be doing me a big solid by doing
so. All right, I'll catch you all in
next